What is FT?
I’ll start with the fact that
it’s not just a newspaper—
it’s much more than that.
We are here to deliver
world-class journalism, globally,
and in modern democracies
that’s phenomenally important.
My perception of the FT was very different
to how it actually is:
Quite boring and serious…
Very traditional,
very corporate…
I’d have a to wear a suit and tie…
But it turns out it’s nothing like it
It’s really, really relaxed
In reality, I get to wear a denim jacket
Our manifesto is to try to
change the way we think about stories.
Technology is absolutely
fundamental to the FT.
We are, in essence,
a technology firm;
all our growth in the future is
going to come from
the products and services
that we build for our customers.
We don’t want to give people
systems and code;
we want to
give people outcomes
and problems to solve.
We do some weird stuff!
No-one’s ever told,
“No you can’t do that.”
For me the FT is one of the
most exciting places to work right now
because we get to try cool new,
sometimes slightly crazy things.
Working with colleagues in Product,
we made a news game.
It was the first ever game
that we made that is also a piece of journalism.
It tells the story of being an Uber driver.
This kind of creativity is basically
empowering the whole team
to try to make our job
the best way we can.
After the grad scheme,
I did a secondment for three months
where I worked in the
Operations and Reliability team.
We were encouraged to do rotations
around different departments,
again exposing me to new technologies and
more scope for learning.
People are constantly
pushing you further
and trying to really help you
progress in terms of your skill set
but also your career
as well.
We take pride in the fact that
we collaborate across geographies,
across sectors,
across specialisations.
There’s a real sense of community here.
It’s just a really warm place where people are friendly
and want to get to know you.
My favourite thing at the FT is that
no matter who you are,
you can be who you want to be at work.
There’s lots of social things going on,
on a regular basis
We have clubs around
board games, and photography;
you get to bond
and talk to people
on all sorts of levels
outside of work
and that enriches
you as a person, really.
I’m part of the FT netball team;
we play every Monday night
and it’s a mix,
so I’m in the Technology department
but it’s journalists as well,
and people from
all parts of the company.
The diversity of people that we have here
in FT is enormous:
We have a lot of people coming
from different backgrounds,
that have different knowledge,
they different soft
and hard skills,
which is something
you can steal from them
but they’re also
eager to share with you!
They’re always eager to explain.
We have lots of talks,
we have inspiring
speakers coming in.
We are quite good at promoting
internal speaking and sharing,
and external voices
coming in as well, to inspire.
I ask people to
value the fact that
if they do choose to join the FT,
they are supporting an organisation
which is standing up for the truth,
holding power to account.
That, for me, is
why I choose to work for the FT.